# -PEDICTING-FLOODED-HIGHWAYS
The dataset has the date, area, code, warning, and type of flood. The date column shows the date and time of the warning issued from the flood warning system. This study offers an integrated methodology for identifying the most vulnerable places to flooding along a roadway in order to prevent such effects and propose adaptive actions for current infrastructure. The dataset contains various flood warnings. On the basis of flood warnings, we will analyze the flooded highways from the dataset with the help of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, Naïve Bayes. After exploratory data analysis, data cleaning is also one of the important steps to perform further analysis.  Every organization must make data accurate and up-to-date. Data cleaning removes the enormous data which is not good for the analysis. If our data is not perfect then it does not provide accurate data and our algorithms will provide unreliable output. We clean and preprocess the data using Label Encoding techniques. Some of the machine learning algorithms are also performed here such as Bagging Classifier, Decision Tree, Extra Tree Classifier, Random Forest, Gaussian Naïve Bayes, and KNN Model. Bagging Classifier provides a more accurate result as compared to other machine learning techniques. Data Visualization is also performed here to explore the data and identify the results. 

## -Future Scope:
The future extent of the proposed plan is to anticipate the hazard examination of the impact over the low-lying regions and antagonistic impact investigation over that condition. In any case, this proposed technique can be additionally improved or upgraded to accomplish further developed innovation and well applications that are fit for information mining in the following period of the exploration. Ensuing upgrades for this proposed design could be progressed by adding video observation and following the introduced hardware utilizing a GPS module. At last, bunching calculations could be applied also to work on the consequences of the proposed model. Frameworks for flood identification have been created as a prompt reaction to illuminate the comparing specialists before the occasion occurs. It will keep the specialists refreshed regarding the ebb and flow water levels through the Arduino sensor organization, which will then, at that point, give an SMS notice assuming that there is a hazardous circumstance through the GSM modem. In request to arrange the information, four AI strategies were utilized. In this project, machine learning algorithms but to improve the performance of a dataset, we can also apply deep learning techniques. 
